Privacy Policy

This Privacy Policy is effective as of July 1, 2017.

Welcome to the redventures.com website (the “Site”), and thank you for taking the time to read our Privacy Policy.

The Site is owned and operated by Red Ventures, LLC (the “Company,” “Red Ventures,” “we,” “us,” or “our”). We are committed to respecting the privacy of visitors to our Site. This Policy describes how our Site operates, and how we currently collect, use, and share information gathered from online visitors to this Site, as well as information derived from emails, texts, and other electronic messages between you and this Site. In addition to redventures.com, Red Ventures operates other websites and those websites are operated in a manner consistent with the website terms and conditions set forth on those websites. Digital marketing services provided by Red Ventures on behalf of its brand partners are conducted in a manner consistent with its agreements with its brand partners.

The following topics are presented in this Privacy Policy:
1.	Collecting Personal Information from Site Visitors
2.	Collecting Other Information
3.	Using Site Visitor Information
4.	Protecting Personal Information
5.	Transferring Personal Information to Other Countries
6.	Blogs and Public Forums
7.	Visiting Non-Company Websites
8.	Children’s Information
9.	Country-Specific Requirements
10.	Your Choices
11.	Our Right to Change this Privacy Policy

1. Collecting Personal Information from Site Visitors
We collect personal information that you provide directly to us such as by, for example, submitting a question or request on this Site. We may request you provide certain personal information – such as your name, postal address, telephone number, fax number, and e-mail address – to provide you access to certain services within our Site. 

We also collect information provided by visitors in registration forms, surveys, emails, texts, job applications, inquiries about potential employment, and other submissions or electronic messaging to us. If you choose to participate in any such activities, we may receive or request certain personal information from you. Participation in these activities is completely voluntary, and you therefore have a choice as to whether you wish to disclose this information. The requested information typically includes contact information (such as name and postal address), and information about your personal preferences and demographics (e.g., ZIP Code, occupation or the like). In instances where registration is available and you register with the Site, you will be assigned a unique identifier in our record system, which, together with your password, is designed to prevent unauthorized access to information you choose to store on the Site. 

We do collect and track automatically (1) the home server domain names, Internet protocol (IP) addresses, and the types of computers and web browsers used by visitors to our Site, and (2) aggregate and specific information on what pages on our Site visitors access. We may also obtain information from other sources and combine that with information we collect through our Site. 

2. Collecting Other Information
In addition to the collection of the information described above, we may also collect other information using several automatic data collection tools and techniques, including cookies and tags. 

•	“Cookies” are small text files that can be sent to your computer when you visit a website. Cookies can be used to keep track of things like your preferences, activities on a site, and where you left off during your last visit. The site or service that places a particular cookie has permission to read the contents of that cookie each time it communicates with your browser.
•	“Tags” (also known as pixel tags or web beacons) are small blocks of code on a web page that allow websites to do things like read and place cookies. Tags can collect anonymous information, such as a visitor’s IP address, browser type, operating system, and the time the visitor reached the website. Tags do not collect personal information.

These data collection tools are used by the Company and our partners and affiliates, or by data analytics applications, to analyze trends, administer the Site, track users’ movements around the Site, and gather demographic information about our user base as a whole. We may receive reports based on the use of these technologies on an individual as well as on an aggregated basis. We use cookies to remember your settings (such as language preference) and customize your experience, as well as for user authentication. You can control the use of cookies at the individual browser level. If you reject cookies, you may still use the Site, but your ability to use some features or areas of the Site may be limited.

As is true of most websites, we gather certain information automatically and store it in log files. This information does not include personal information, but it may include data such as internet protocol (IP) addresses, browser type, internet service provider (ISP), referring/exit pages, operating system, date/time stamp, and/or clickstream data. We may combine this automatically collected log information with other information we collect about you, in part to improve Site functionality and the services we make available to you.

Behavioral advertising refers to a technique frequently used by online advertisers to present targeted ads to consumers based on information collected about the consumers’ online browsing behavior. You can opt-out of receiving such from advertisers and ad networks who are members of the Network Advertising Initiative (NAI) or who follow the Digital Advertising Alliance's (DAA) Self-Regulatory Principles for Online Behavioral Advertising by visiting the opt-out pages on the NAI and DAA websites or clicking the following links:

NAI’s opt-out tool: http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/ 
DAA's opt out tool: http://www.aboutads.info/choices/ 

We use Local Storage (LS) such as HTML5 to store content information and preferences. Third parties with whom we partner to provide certain features on our Site or to display advertising based upon your Web browsing activity use LS to collect and store information. Various browsers may offer their own management tools for removing LS. Our Site may include social media features such as the Facebook Like button or other features that allow you to share content or experiences on our Site or interact with our Site using the feature. These features may collect your IP address and the page you are visiting on our Site, and may set a cookie to enable the social media feature to function properly. These social media features are hosted either by a third party or directly on our Site. Your interactions with these features are governed by the privacy policy of the company providing the feature.

3.	Using Site Visitor Information
We use the information collected about you on this Site primarily to help us provide you with information about the Company (including available employment opportunities) and to improve the Site and your ability to use it. For example, that information may be used to customize your online experience, increase the convenience of accessing new tools, services and products, respond to your specific inquiries, process your employment application, and (if applicable) provide the services, products or information you request. The information may also be used to make your use of the Site more convenient by, for example, maintaining an account in your name from which you can initiate and receive communications with us and limit the number of times you need to register with us. Other potential uses of the information include site traffic monitoring, communication with users (including for other non-marketing or administrative purposes) including follow up with job applicants, promotion of the Site, feedback purposes, statistical analysis of users' behavior, product and service development or enhancement, content improvement, website and ad customization, messaging on third party sites (such as Facebook, Google, and Twitter), targeted offers, audience segmentation for purposes of content delivery and reporting, and the marketing and promotion of services or products of the Company and other entities or employment opportunities that we believe you may find of interest, and as otherwise described to you at the point of data collection. We also may use the information you provide for our internal or administrative purposes, such as administration and operation of our websites (including addressing problems with the Site or our business), management of our telecommunications networks, protection of the security or integrity of the Site and our business, data analytics, and compliance with our legal obligations, policies and procedures. We may combine your personal information with other information collected from and about you on the Site, from third parties, or from other online and offline sources. 

We may disclose information we collect from and about you as follows: (1) to any service provider that operates our Site and their affiliated companies; (2) to other service providers if the disclosure will enable them to perform a business, professional, or technical support function for us; (3) as necessary, if we believe that there has been a violation of the Terms of Use or this Privacy Policy, or of our rights or the rights of any third party; (4) to respond to judicial process and provide information to law enforcement or regulatory agencies or in connection with an investigation on matters related to public safety, as permitted by law, or otherwise as required by law; (5) in our judgment, to comply with applicable law, or to protect the interests or safety of other persons or property, including the Company, its affiliates, and other users or advertisers using the Site; (6) to promote the Site and our business to third parties; (7) as described to you at the point of collection; and (8) for general business purposes within the Company’s family of businesses, including its parent company, affiliates and subsidiaries. We may also share aggregate or anonymous information with third parties. 

We do not share, sell, or otherwise disclose personal information about our Site visitors, except as described in this Privacy Policy or as otherwise permitted by you or authorized by law. However, any information shared with a third party, either in the manner described here or as directly communicated by you, is subject to the control of such third party. We have no control over any information in their possession that they may have collected. We encourage you to read the privacy policies of such third parties as posted on their websites to understand how they use your information and to contact such third parties directly with any questions or concerns. We may sell or purchase assets during the normal course of our business. If another entity acquires us or any of our assets, information we have collected about you may be transferred to such entity. In addition, if any bankruptcy or reorganization proceeding is brought by or against us, such information may be considered an asset of ours and may be sold or transferred to third parties. Should such a sale or transfer occur, we will use reasonable efforts to obtain the transferee’s agreement to use personal information provided through this Site in a manner that is consistent with this Privacy Policy. 

California Privacy Rights: If you are a California resident, you may request information about our disclosure of personal information to third parties. To make such a request, please contact us in writing at 1101 Red Ventures Drive, Fort Mill, SC 29707, Attn: Privacy Policy Manager, or  helpdesk@redventures.com. 

4. Protecting Personal Information
The security of your personal information is important to us. We maintain reasonable generally-accepted administrative, technical and physical measures to safeguard the information we collect from and about our customers and Site visitors. While we make every effort to help ensure the integrity and security of our network and systems, no method of Internet transmission or electronic storage is 100% secure. Therefore, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 

5. Transferring Personal Information to Other Countries
Where permitted by local laws and regulatory requirements, we may transfer personal information we collect on our Site to other countries where we, and our service providers, do business, but we will do so only for the purposes described in this Privacy Policy. 

6. Blogs and Public Forums
Our Site may offer publicly available blogs, bulletin boards, chat rooms, ratings or reviews, or other community forums. You should be aware that any information you provide in these areas may be read, collected and used by others who access them. We encourage you to be cautious when submitting personal information in these public areas. To request removal of your personal information from our blog or community forum, contact us at helpdesk@redventures.com. In some cases, we may not be able to remove your personal information. In that event, we will provide appropriate notice to you. 

7. Visiting Non-Company Websites
Our Site may contain links to other websites, which may have privacy policies that differ from our own. The Company is not responsible for the practices or content of such other third party websites. If you submit personal information to any of those sites, your information is governed by their privacy policies. We encourage you to be aware of the privacy policies of each and every website with which you may interact. 

8. Children’s Information
This Site is not intended for children under 13 years of age. No one under age 13 should provide information to our Site. We do not knowingly collect personal information from children under 13. If you are under 13, do not use, register for, or provide information to any of the interactive or public features of this Site, or provide any information about yourself to us, including your name, address, telephone number, e-mail address or any screen name or user name you may have. 

9. Country-Specific Requirements
The country in which you are doing business with us or where the Site you are visiting is located/hosted may have specific requirements concerning personal information. 

10. Your Choices
If you wish to update or remove your personal information, opt out from receiving, or opt in to receive communications from us please do so by indicating your preferences by contacting us at 1101 Red Ventures Drive, Fort Mill, SC 29707, Attn: Privacy Policy Manager, or helpdesk@redventures.com. If you have any questions or comments about this Privacy Policy, please contact us using the same mailing or email address.

In accordance with applicable law, you may request access to your personal information that we maintain. As permitted by law, we may charge a reasonable fee for providing access to personal information, but we do not charge for lodging a request for access. We will retain your personal information for as long as we have a business need to do so. If you request to have your personal information removed, we will make commercially reasonable efforts to delete that information on our servers, although some data that cannot be removed in a commercially reasonable manner may remain in the Company’s secure database. Also, previously archived data may be stored in our offline backups. However, we will retain and use your information as necessary to comply with our legal obligations, resolve disputes, and enforce our agreements. 

11. Country-Specific Requirements
We reserve the right to revise this Privacy Policy at any time. If we do so, we will let you know by posting the modified Policy on this Site or through other communications. Please check back from time to time so you are aware of any changes or updates to this Policy. It is important that you review the Policy whenever modified because your continued use of the Site will indicate your acceptance of and agreement to be bound by the modified Policy. If you do not agree to be bound by the modified Policy, then you may not use the Site anymore. We will indicate the Policy’s effective date within the Policy’s opening passage. 
